the traffic today is even more terrible
than the usual terrible because we have
a special visitor in town you know it so
we're at Code Orange right now because
President Trump is here it's weird to
think that right now the President of
the United States is lurking just a few
miles away from here in his hyperbaric
tanning chamber eating all our popeyes
chicken sandwiches but he is you know I
saw this morning that Trump was coming
LA and ABC was announcing the new
bachelor for a moment I got my hopes up
that they would be the same guy Trump is
at a fundraising dinner tonight in
Beverly Hills and he had a meet meet
this afternoon in Palo Alto where
tickets went for up to $100,000 per
couple that included four hundred
thousand dollars you get a roundtable
discussion a photo-op
and what they billed as premier seating
for lunch what is premier seating for
lunch with Donald Trump you get to join
him in his booth at Carl's jr. and Trump
is hoping to raise fifteen million
dollars on this trip you know I'd say I
miss the days when a Trump visited
California meant nothing more than a new
episode of The Fresh Prince you know he
is not popular here the president he
lost in LA by about 50 points and it's
gone down from there and if you're
wondering who would host a fundraiser
for him in this city while the answer is
this guy a billionaire who was accused
of ripping off his tenants believe it or
not they have a lot in common the team
in our local good day LA today headed
downtown to see what the mood was like
and also to give Los Angelenos the
chance to welcome our president to the
city we ask people here in downtown LA
if they have the opportunity to speak
with the president what would they say I
think it's good that he's coming to town
he can actually see everything that's
going on here in LA we don't need any
more congestion yeah stay out of LA your
this isn't your town anyway
could we ask you
a bus our traffic cone in chief was in
New Mexico last night for a rally that
celebrated his version of diversity he
happens to be Hispanic he happens to be
Hispanic but I've never quite figured it
out because he looks more like a wasp
than I do
so I haven't figured that one out but
I'll tell you what there is nobody that
loves his country more or Hispanic more
than Steve Cortez there's nobody that
loves Hispanic more I know he doesn't
speak Spanish but now he's not even
speaking English it's the rally wasn't
all celebration and shouts out there was
substance in fact Trump spoke very
passionately about a subject that
affects every one of us light bulbs
right they took away our light bulb yeah
they were worried you were gonna swallow
them so they light bulbs meanwhile in
Washington the president's former
campaign manager this character Corey
Lewandowski testified before the House
Judiciary Committee today he refused to
answer any questions of substance the
White House instructed him not to
disclose any conversation he's had with
the president citing executive privilege
even though he's never actually worked
at the White House and also wrote two
books about his work where the president
was still he dodged and stonewalled
every relevant question how these guys
get away with this
I have no it used to be if you got a
subpoena from Congress you had to answer
their questions who knew you could just
not do that it's insane two of the guys
they subpoena didn't even show up and
this creep Lewandowski watch his tongue
here because he may be the only species
of reptile that has lips
historical and unprecedented political
jargon I and I'm like Hillary Clinton I
don't think I ever delete any of those
and it's daddy baking a mongoose to get
him out of it this this was not an
impeachment proceeding it was an
impeachment investigation which is
different the Democrats still aren't
fully on board with impeachment because
they know that no matter what happens in
the house Trump will be saved by the
Republican Senate so a lot of them say
what's the point well this is the point
a move to impeach Donald Trump would go
on for months this would be hours and
hours of hearings and televised
testimony all for our couch potato
president to take in they'll be so busy
watching and tweeting about it that just
maybe he'll forget all the other
terrible things he wants to do
impeachment is a good way to distract
Donald Trump with the subject he cares
about most which is Donald Trump
basically our president is an unruly
child throwing a tantrum while we try to
eat dinner at a restaurant an
impeachment is an iPad loaded with paw
Patrol
I say send in writer and his team of
pups and let's see what happens hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and this is the Internet I
made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it